Great. Hi everybody. Hope you had a wonderful
night's sleep and are ready to start the
day with some APIs and promises. Yeah. So
we're gonna continue with the slides from yesterday
and we're gonna start with making request to
APIs in JavaScript. We briefly talked about this
yesterday but I just wanna go over it
because I think the end of lecture yesterday
probably went kind of quickly because I was
trying to get through as much as possible.
Basically once we hop into the code in
workshop three, we're going to be writing get
not from get and post request not from
URLs, but rather from using these get and
post functions that we have written for you
in JavaScript. And what that will look like
is you feed in an endpoint and then
a set of parameters. And for get requests,
your parameters will be put into the URL
for you so that it will request the
endpoint using those query parameters which are put
in the URL. And then for post requests,
it will also do the intended thing which
is put your parameters into the body of
the post request. So it'll post to that
endpoint using the parameters which are in the
body basically. And we'll review this a little
more, but basically get in post requests have
these two different formatting, is why when you
call these functions, actually have to worry about
these two different formatting, you should know that
under the hood some slightly different things are
happening basically. So once you get into the
code and then you try typing out something
this where you get from an endpoint. Maybe
generally you can hover over any variable and
figure out what type it is. You'll see
that this user variable that you get back
from the GET request is a promise any
thing. And you might wonder, what is a
promise? Let's say you try to console log
user, you would get this object promise thing,
which doesn't actually mean anything. It turns out
these get functions return a promise. And so
what actually is a promise? Basically, these API
requests might take a while to resolve. And
so if the API request had to return
the result and the client had to wait
for it the entire time let's say the
API request took an entire second to resolve,
then the client would just be sitting there
for one second, not being able to do
anything, waiting for this function to complete. So
the promises allow the clients to do things
while the server is taking its time fulfilling
the request. For example, maybe they want to
render the rest of the front end and
then put a loading icon there, like some
circle y thing that's spinning until, oh, I
got the data, now I can just put
it in. Yeah, let's say Bob the builder
is trying to build a house and then
he's like needs more wood, he asked the
lumberjack, can I get more wood? And the
lumberjack comes back with some wood. He had
to go chop down some trees so it
took him a while. But in the meantime,
Bob did not have to wait the entire
time just sitting there doing nothing. The promise
allows the lumberjack to be like, Okay, I'm
going to work on it, rather than Bob
being like, Okay, I have to wait for
the lumberjack while I do nothing basically. Yeah.
And we'll talk more about this on Friday.
Yeah. Okay. But for now, let's see some
examples of how to use promises in JavaScript.
So the first way that you kind of
process code with promises is you use something
called dot then. And so what this does
is it takes a promise or more like
you use dot then on a promise and
it takes a callback function, which takes whatever
the result of that promise is and does
something with that result. So what this will
do is basically get apistories. It returns a
promise, But that promise is going to eventually
resolve into some story object, basically. And once
that resolves into those story objects, then you
can set stories to story objects. Imagine set
stories is some uState thing that we have.
We can now set our state to story
objects, basically. Any questions here? Cool? Okay. And
then the second way that we have to
deal with promises is using a .catch. Sometimes
the promise is not going to resolve successfully.
Maybe apistories is not actually implemented in the
API. Then if you tried to get apistories,
you're going to get back eventually an error.
First you're going to get back a promise,
and then that promise is going to resolve
into, hey, I wasn't able to do this
because I just simply do not have the
resources. Or maybe I just messed up in
the meantime and I errored out. Whatever reason
it is, the promise can reject. And in
that case, the dot catch will basically catch
what happens in that case. And then you're
able to feed in a callback function, which
takes in whatever error it does and does
something with it. So here, if the promise
rejects, then it'll print out this is so
sad and then the message of the error.
So you can see generally we use a
.then and then potentially a .catch to catch
whatever errors might occur. Yeah. I think I'll
skip this example. Okay. Oh, I'm not on
Zoom. Great point. Wait. Am I on Zoom?
Okay. Hi, Zoom people. I'm very sorry. Yeah.
So, just a quick summary of what we
just talked about. So we went over the
basics of making API requests in JavaScript. And
then we talked about promises, which is essentially
what API requests will resolve to. And you
need to wrap promises around these we talked
about how you need to wrap promises around
these .then and .catch keywords so that you
can either process what the result of the
promise eventually resolves to in the case that
the promise does resolve. Or you can catch
and do something with whatever error the promise
happens to give if the promise fails. Yeah.
Hopefully the slides are if you have any
questions about it, feel free to ask in
the questions doc. Oh shoot, sorry I accidentally
just like gave the answer. My bad. Okay.
Yeah, so let's go over this example. I
realize that the code on the slides is
kind of hard to read because the color
scheme is kind of bad. But if you
need to pull up the slides on your
own computer, feel free to do that. But
yeah, what gets printed here? Let's say the
promise below is going to reject, where we
have this const promise. Then yeah, this is
really hard to read, actually. But let's say
we define this const promise and we know
that it will reject. Maybe there's a network
issue or something like that. Then hold your
hands up, finger one, two, three, four, or
five. If you think you're going to get
the first answer printed out, then raise up
one. If you think you'll get the second
answer printed out, then two, three, four, five.
Which one do you guys think it will
be printed out? I'll give you guys a
second. Okay, yeah. Do people have an answer?
I see a few fours. Yeah. Okay. Yeah,
so we are going to get the fourth
one. We're just going to get the error
because when the promise resolves, it's going to
reject. So we're not going to be able
to process any of the .then, which will
only process if the promise succeeds. And therefore,
we'll skip straight to the .catch at the
end, which console logs an error, basically. Yeah.
Yeah, so let's look at this example now.
Let's say the promise below where we define
const promise is some way of getting a
promise where we know that it's going to
resolve after a little while. Let's say that
the promise resolves after one second or something
like that. Then when we write this code,
which one of these choices are we going
to get? I'll give you guys, again, a
little bit to think about it. So basically,
the code here, promise. Then, will console log.
If we get a value, then we'll console
log a. And then from there, if we
were able to successfully do that, then we
console log b. And in the process, if
we caught any error, then we will console
log error, basically. Really? Is it working now?
Okay. Yeah, if people to if you have
some guesses, hold up one for if you
think the first one's going be printed out,
two for the second one, three, four, and
five, and so on. I see a few
different answers. I think I see two and
five the most. Let's look at the code.
So what is like what exactly is going
to happen? We'll run f of promise And
when we run f of promise, we're not
going to wait for this promise to resolve
necessarily. We're kind of just going to send
it off and wait for and whenever the
promise resolves, then the rest of the body
of f is going to run basically. So
after we call f promise, can immediately move
on to the next line, which prints hi
there. And then if the promise resolves after
maybe a second or something like that, then
we'll get the rest of the output from
f. So yeah, we're going to get the
second output which is hi there and then
a and then b. Cool. Okay, yeah. So
that's it for this lecture. I think we
were just finishing up slides from yesterday, so
we'll just move on to the next lecture
now, wherever that is. Yeah, in the meantime,
you guys can take one minute to do
weblab. Infeedback if you want, if you didn't
already do it yesterday or if you want
to give more feedback while we transition the
slides. Alright. Can you guys hear me? Can
guys hear me in the back? Alright, cool.
Alright, so now we're going to go into
servers and node. So what is a server?
Well, a server is just some computer that
our client requests data from. We're going to
send a request to the server and it's
going to give us back data. A server
can actually handle many requests from multiple clients.
This allows for scalability. We don't want a
server for every client, because then there be
many computers and it would just be a
waste of money. And so why do we
need a server? Well, first off, it's because
we want to request the data from a
central point, so we want all our clients
to know that at this website or at
this URL, we can get the data that
we want. We also want a server for
centralization. We want some ground truth to represent
the data that we have in our server.
An example would be, like, imagine you're playing
Fortnite, and you shoot somebody, you want there
to be some kind of true game state
that both players can refer to if they
want to see, or if they want to
render something on their screen. And then the
final need for a server is security. We
don't want our client to be able to
access our database and send any kind of
query to request, maybe data that shouldn't be
accessible to them. We want them to go
send those requests to the server, and the
server deals with the logic necessary to retrieve
refined data to the client. But how do
requests actually reach our server? Like, right now,
we've been telling you that we send requests
to a server, but how do these requests
actually reach our server? I lied a little
bit when I said that a server was
a computer, was like a computer. In reality,
server is a program. It's called a process,
and on your computer, you can run multiple
applications, multiple processes, like you can run Spotify,
and then you can run Chrome, and some
other applications at the same time. The same
is true for a server computer. On a
server computer, we have multiple ports, and a
server just binds to a port. So a
server will be an application that binds to
a certain port, and on that port, that
server will be listening for requests from some
other computer. So an example for a port,
like address, and a URL would be httpexample.com,
and then 5173. And this indicates that we're
sending a request to computer associated with the
domain name example.com, and it's going to the
port 500173, because that is where our data
is going to be served. Another example would
be example.com3thousand, and we use these port names
because whenever you run npm run dev, you're
actually hosting a server on your computer, which
is just sending you the React files that
your browser will render. And so here's the
general structure for an address to a server.
And why do we need to specify ports
on most websites? Well, in actuality, most websites
actually have a default port. So for example,
the youtube.com servers, if you want to request
the website from them, they will be using
port four forty three to send you the
website through the protocol HTTPS. If you're requesting
a website from youtube.com using HTTP, you'd probably
use port 80. And then there are other
things that use different ports as well. So
a Minecraft server would use port 25,565, and
then if you want to send an email
to somebody else, the email is like if
you send an email to your friend, it's
going to go to your friend's computer on
Port 25, because that is where their email
application is listening for emails from other people.
You're while you guys are going be developing
websites, you're going to be interested in how
you can use your own machine as a
server. And any computer can run server code.
But what does it mean to run server
code? Well that just means that oh my
god. Well that just means that you'll run
a program that is designed to actively listen
for requests from other computers on the network,
and then actually respond to those requests. So
computer has a special domain called localhost, and
localhost is just like a word that represents
your IP address, so whenever you type it
into your browser, you're actually just sending a
request to your own computer through a certain
port, depending on what you put after localhost.
And so, this would be an example of
connecting to a server on port 3,000. How
do we write a server? So I've told
you how a process can listen for requests
on a port, and then actually respond to
those requests, but you as developers, you guys
want to be worrying about how to create
your website. You don't really care about how
your computer is handling these requests and then
sending back responses. And so this is where
frameworks come in. Basically what frameworks do is
they have boilerplate code for low level request
handling, and they just make it really nice
so that you can use it easily. And
so some examples of this would be Flask,
Apache, Express. Js, Django, and all of these
frameworks. The only difference between them is you'll
use Flask if you're coding in Python for
your back end, use Apache using Java, Express.
Js using JavaScript. So it's just a way
to abstract out all that low level communication
stuff that you don't really care about. What
framework will you be using? We're going be
using express.js, and later Daniel will show you
how you'll be able to write API endpoints
on your back end, so on your server.
But we also need a tool to run
JavaScript code. You might be asking yourself, what
do you mean? We already run JavaScript code
on the browser. Yeah, that's true, but we're
not going be running our server on a
browser. The JavaScript that we run on the
browser is for the client. It's used to
render the HTML, CSS and JavaScript that some
server sends to us that represents our website.
So I'll give you guys a little refresher.
So basically, whenever you send a request to
some website like youtube.com, in order to actually
render the website, you're going be asking the
server for HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The server
returns it, and your client, the browser, is
going to be interpreting the HTML, CSS and
JavaScript so that the website is actually rendered
in front of you. But what about the
code that actually handles these requests? This JavaScript
code is going to be on the server.
And so, like, have a little meme here,
it's like, what if I told you that
your computer does not know what JavaScript is?
And it's because, like, if you gave your
computer your machine, like, a file of JavaScript,
it won't be able to interpret it unless
it some packages that are installed to actually
interpret JavaScript. And so essentially, your browser, like
even though it's on your computer, it knows
how to interpret JavaScript, but your computer, like
your terminal, everything else, it doesn't know how
to read JavaScript. And so that's why we
have Node. Js, and Node basically just runs
JavaScript on your machine. We've actually been using
it to download any dependencies we need for
our project, and I'll talk about that right
now. Before that, any questions? I know that
was a lot, and it's a little bit
confusing, like connecting the front end and the
back end. Anybody have questions about anything? All
right. Cool. So node package manager. This is
just going give some context on how we've
been using NPM, so obviously we've been using
it to download packages that our project needs
using NPM install, and then we've also been
using it to run our server in the
background, or rather, running our server to service
the React files on front end that we
need to actually display on the browser using
npm run dev. So importing packages. So if
you guys look into Catbook, your folder for
Catbook, you'll see that we have a package
dot JSON file, and this file just has
a lot of metadata about our project. So
has a name, description, probably some scripts that
you'll be running, like npm run dev, and
dependencies. And we'll be looking at the dependency
section. Whenever we run npm install, we download
dependencies, and those dependencies will be shown in
package. Json, and the actual packages that we
download will be going into node modules. And
whenever we push our project to GitHub Git
repo, we don't want to include our node
modules or whatever modules we download. That's why
we always like NPM install whenever we pull
from a Git repo, because if we pushed
all those packages up to the Git repo,
would be very slow, and we don't want
to do that. So let's look at the
big picture. What are our files actually doing?
So for Kappa React, we're going to have
a client folder and a server folder, and
it might be a little bit confusing, like,
having both of these folders in the same
folder on our computer and then running the
server and having a front end server as
well, but because our computer has multiple ports,
we can run multiple servers. So our client's
going to deal with all of our React
code, components, pages, utilities, etcetera, Our server is
going to have all our backend code. And
then all these other files are just set
up by staff to configure React. Feel free
to ask any questions about these files in
office hours, or maybe after these lectures, if
you want to learn more. Let's see if
I have enough time. Okay, I'll go through
this just to clarify a little bit more
about endpoints. So an example for understanding endpoints,
so we've been talking about sending requests to
endpoints, youtube.com/results/ whatever. Results is an endpoint for
the YouTube server, and whenever we send requests,
those endpoints are kind of like addresses, because
at those specific URLs, or specific endpoints, we
have separate functionality. Whenever we send a request
to a specific URL, that functionality is going
to be ran, and we hopefully get the
data that we want. So an example would
be, like, suppose we're in Port 3000 Land,
suppose I'm sending a request to local host
3,000, and that request is going to be
towards the endpoint apicomment. So I want to
post a comment onto my cat book. Imagine
we're the request and we're walking down Port
3000 Land, and we see one house that's
addressed as Apivideos. We know that that's not
the endpoint that we're looking for, so we
go on to the next house, and the
next house is going be getapi comments, which
is not what we're looking for, we want
to post a comment. And then we find
the URL that we're looking for. And so
we go inside that house, we run whatever
functionality we need, we get the data that
we want, and then we get out of
there and we're now a response object, and
we go back to the client server. And
then the rest of the houses are whatever
URLs we're using. After that, we're going to
create our first API endpoint, and I'll pass
it on to Daniel. Realized that out is
spelled incorrectly here or r. Okay. Well, anyways.
Yeah. So our server. Js file that we
mentioned earlier, we can start off by thinking
of it as kind of these two lines
and these two lines is enough to like
essentially create an API endpoint for our front
end to access. The first line is const
app dot express and express is like some
sort of imported package that we have from
package dot JSON and then when we call
express, we're going to get this app object
that we can then use to create API
endpoints. Whenever we call app. Get, this creates
essentially a get request or sorry, a get
endpoint that is able to be queried by
any client at that endpoint. Similarly, app dot
post will create a post endpoint. App dot
get takes two arguments. It takes the first
argument which is the endpoint and secondly it
takes a callback function which is called whenever
that endpoint is pinged basically. And here we
have set up this get request so that
whenever that endpoint is pinged it will return
back to whoever sent that request. Wow, I
made my first API. Yeah. So this is
the HTTP method. So if we set this
as post that we would get a post
method. This is the route that express sets.
So essentially the endpoint, whatever this will be
tagged on to whatever base URL we have,
for example localhost three thousand. And finally we
have the function handler which takes in the
function that we feed in should always take
in two parameters, the request and the response
object. I don't know if yeah. So this
request and response object, request is basically the
incoming request that we get and we're able
to do things here like look at what
the request body is or the request parameter
is or things like that so we can
find out whatever we want to know about
what the original request was. And then res
is the way that your server sends the
response back to the client. So this res
dot send thing is basically the syntax for
the server sending back whatever information it needs
to the client. And then this syntax is
basically just the way that Express is set
up. But the main thing that you need
to know is this res dot send, You
can put whatever you need inside of it.
And it's basically like a return statement. Cool.
Any questions here? Alright. We're going to talk
a little bit about middleware now. So, now
that we've kind of have a baseline understanding
of what an endpoint is, middleware is basically
what we can do between receiving a request
and running the endpoint code. So you can
imagine we get request somewhere over here and
then maybe before we want to call the
endpoint code, we want to do some extra
stuff. And we'll give a few examples on
the next slide basically. But you can imagine
they're like workers in the assembly line which
might do part of what we need to
do and then pass it on to the
next worker which will do something else and
then etcetera until we get to the endpoint
which finally completes our request with what needs
to actually be done essentially. Middlewares are called
an order of definition and we'll see what
maybe what that means in a little bit.
So a few examples of middleware. Maybe for
every request coming in we want to log
the request. And it would be pretty tedious
to put in every single endpoint that we
ever write before we do that endpoint to
console log the request. So what we can
do is we can just define a middleware
in front of all of our endpoints to
console log whatever is coming in. And what
that will do is no matter what endpoint
is being pinged, it will always console log
whatever that request is. So that code will
always be run and you don't have to
put it in every single endpoint. Maybe we
want to make sure that whenever the user
makes a new request, check that they're logged
in first. So maybe the user is feeding
in some sort of credentials or something like
that for whenever they make a request. We
want to check that those credentials match what
is on our server. So we would write
a middleware to check that these credentials match
what is actually on our server. And then
finally, if we can write some middleware so
that if any request ever results in an
error then we can log that error to
the server. And one thing to note is
that whenever you console log on your server,
it'll print to the terminal that you're running
npm run start in. And we'll talk a
little bit more about what that means. But
basically it's not going to print to your
browser. So that's like the main differentiation here
which is that whatever whatever server code that
you have that is running console. Log, you
should not look to your browser but rather
to your terminal. Yeah, so the way that
we add middleware is by using this app
dot use function. So we've talked about app
dot get which creates a get request and
similarly you can do app dot post which
creates a post request. App dot use is
another functionality of Express that allows you to
register middleware. So the way that app dot
use works is it takes an optional path
in a middleware object and we won't talk
about the path for now but basically if
you just feed in one parameter, this parameter
will be treated as a callback function which
will be called whenever the request comes in.
It takes three parameters, rec, res and next.
So the next thing which is optional is
just the next, it represents like the next
middleware function that needs to be called. So
if you only have one middleware passed in
then you don't actually need this next parameter.
But otherwise, the rec and the res are
pretty similar to what rec and res are
for app. Get, for example. The rec represents
the incoming request and then the res represents
how you send that result back to the
server. Here we're not using any of the
parameters. We're just going to log the time
whenever any request comes in. So maybe turn
and talk to somebody near you for thirty
seconds, a minute, and try to understand what
exactly this code is doing. Yeah, okay, cool.
Do people need more time or are people
good? I don't see anything. Okay, yeah. Cool.
Basically what this code is doing is whenever
we have any endpoint called, no matter what
that endpoint is, we're going to basically just
log the current time to the console. So
if, for example, a slash apitest is called,
what will happen is we'll log time and
then we'll do whatever is defined in slash
apitest. Okay. Now we'll talk about error middlewares
for a little bit. Error middlewares are slightly
different from middlewares in the sense that they're
kind of a catch to what happens if
whatever endpoint code or whatever middleware code that
we run somehow errors in the process of
those processing. It takes in four arguments, error,
rec, res, and next. And the error thing
is basically just an object which tells us
a lot about what is going on in
that error. So just as an example, if
you type in error. Status, that will just
represent the status code of the error that
is coming in. And then all the other
arguments represent the same thing that we just
talked about for normal middlewares. Unlike normal middlewares,
which are defined before endpoints, so they're processed
before the endpoint actually processes, our error middleware
is defined after all of our endpoints. So
that if any of the endpoints or the
middleware errors out, then it defaults into what
is going on in our error middleware, basically.
So when we call app dot use with
error rec resin next, we can put in
any error handling code inside. For example, maybe
we print out the error to the console.
Finally, we'll talk about catch all endpoints. And
catch all endpoints are defined this is like
kind of taking a step back from middlewares
and going back to endpoints. Catch all endpoints
are defined using app. Get and this star
symbol. So all endpoints, which are not concretely
defined, will hit the star endpoint. So just
an example, what will we get when we
get slash api slash test in the code
below? Will we get iloveweblab, or are we
going to get us four zero four not
found? Maybe open hand for iloveweblab, close hand
for not found. What do you think? Okay.
I saw a mix. So we're actually going
to get the four zero four not found
because we misspelled slash apitest here. So if
you're making a request to an endpoint and
then you misspell the endpoint, then it's not
going to hit the endpoint that you think
you're hitting. So here we're going to get
back four zero four because we used the
wrong endpoint, basically. Yeah. So what happens is
basically it'll miss the slash apitest endpoint, and
then it'll hit the catchall endpoint, which is
defined to catch anything that is not already
caught by things that we already defined. Yeah.
So we'll get this four zero four not
found error. Cool. Any questions there? Okay. Yeah,
so now I've written the exact same code,
but I've switched the ordering of the two
so that the app dot getstar comes first,
and then the app dot sorry, yeah, app
dot get slash api slash test is coming
afterwards. So how is this code different? Basically
what happens here is kind of something weird.
Even though apitest is defined, when a client
tries to query the apitest endpoint, it'll still
return four zero four not found. Because in
Express, it kind of goes top down in
your file. So what happens is it will
check each one in order. And then it
will see, oh, one is like a catch
all endpoint. And so I should be returning
four zero four not found here. And it
doesn't even see what's happening below. It won't
even get to I love WebA. It'll see
the catchall endpoint, which is catchingapitest, then it'll
return the four zero four. In general, we
don't want to do things like this because
it's just not the behavior that we want.
So we generally define our catchall endpoints after
of our actual defined endpoints so that those
catchall endpoints should only catch what happens in
the case that we missed the endpoints that
we actually wanted to define. Cool. Yeah. So
we're going to check out a little bit
of template code in Workshop three Starter. Yeah.
So first we'll git reset hard, git checkout
workshop three starter. Looks like we're a little
behind. So and then what is going on?
Okay, cool. Yeah, so you'll notice our folder
is set up similarly to how what is
mentioned in the sense that we have a
client folder here which has all of our
source code in it. Similar to what we
basically this is what we worked on in
workshop two. And then we have a server
folder, which currently just has one file in
it, server. Js. Yeah, so you can take
a look through this and I'll be doing
the rest of this on the slides. So
it should match what is in your code,
but I think the slides are a little
more clear basically. So how do you run
the code? So far we've been using NPM
run dev to run our front end which
runs our front end code on local host
500173 but now we will have a back
end as well. So in order to run
that, we will be using npm start to
run our back end which will run our
back end on local host 3,000. Yeah. What's
nice about this is that both of both
the front end and the back end will
auto refresh whenever you update a file. So
you can just keep them basically running in
the background whenever you're making changes to your
files or doing development so that and like
whenever you save a file it should be
automatically reflected. So you don't have to like
rerun these commands ever. You can kind of
just keep them running and make changes to
your files as necessary. Any questions here? Cool.
Okay. Yeah so at the top of our
express code, we have two libraries and basically
when we have this const express equals require
express thing, you can think of this basically
as an import. It's just a different syntax
for importing but generally on the back end
we use this require syntax because that's just
like the preferred syntax for express in back
end in general. But it means the same
thing as like a similar import expression basically.
So yeah, these two lines import libraries that
we might use in our backend. And then
the next line which is const app dot
express creates an app object that allows us
to define any middlewares or endpoints that we
use. The first thing that we define is
this app dot use express dot JSON which
is a middleware that converts our request bodies
to JSON. Request bodies generally come as strings.
So it'll just be like a string that
probably has a list or an array or
some JavaScript object in it. And our server
won't know how to handle just a string
that's coming in. So you need to be
able to parse that string into a JSON
object. So this app dot use express dot
JSON converts whatever's coming in into a JSON
format so that we can actually process it
basically. Finally, have this app. Getapitest, which is
our first API endpoint, as we talked about
earlier. This essentially just sets up an API
endpoint at this URL to return this message
whenever it's pinged. Cool. Yeah. The next thing
that we have in our code is this
catchall error handler which uses this uses like
the catch all star syntax. So you can
turn and talk for a bit and discuss
with somebody next to you, like what is
this code doing? Yeah. I'll give you guys
like a minute or something. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Do people need a little bit more time?
I'll give a few more moments. Okay. I
think I heard something like a few like
correct things like being said around the room.
Yeah, if we get some basically, whenever we
get a request that is not something that
we've already defined, then this app. All is
going to catch it and print out both
the method and the URL. And app. All
is not something that we've talked about yet
already, but if you guessed correctly, then good
for you. Basically what it does is it
processes all types of endpoints or sorry, all
types of methods. So get, post, and any
other methods that RRequest might have. So it
defines it for both get and post, and
maybe delete or whatever other things. And then
once we catch the route, we'll console log
the route to the terminal so we see
it on the server side. And then the
res. Status 404 sets the status to 404,
and then we send it back to the
client. So the idea here is the first
line helps us see it on the server
side, and then the second line helps us
see it on the client side. Yeah, so
when we send it back to the client,
then the client will also see that there's
an error. Cool. I think I will probably
skim past this part. Basically this last part
is server error handling middleware, which is error
handling middleware, basically whenever we get an error
from the server, we will log the error,
which will be seen in terminal, and then
we will send that error back to the
browser. And if we have a status code
that is already passed to us, then we
will keep that status code. And otherwise, the
default status code will be 500, which is
basically something went wrong on the server side.
And we apologize, but we have to log
that the server errored and we also have
to tell the client the server errored, basically.
Yeah. Cool. Okay. I think that's it for
this lecture. Yeah. So the next thing that's
coming up is workshop three. For now, while
we transition to that, take a few moments
and fill out the feedback form, web. Isfeedback.
And yeah.